Readme polish (#3)
monarch-initiative/monarch-assistant: README.md

# Monarch Assistant

> Monarch assistant is a user-friendly interface to the Monarch knowledge graph, a comprehensive biomedical database, using large language models for natural-language based queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Monarch Initiative](https://monarchinitiative.org/) has an extensive, cross-species, semantic knowledge graph. Monarch Assistant is a user-friendly interface that uses large language models (LLMs) to enable natural-language interaction with the Monarch KG.
```

> A demonstration deployment is available at https://monarch-assistant.streamlit.app/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A demo version of the Monarch Assistant is available at https://monarch-assistant.streamlit.app/
```
